The Joe Rogan experience. I had to, well, I don't hate to,
because I wanted to do this.
I want to toss a little hand grenade at you and see what you want to do with it
here. But, um,
I've been thinking about this a lot lately and you know,
wanting to communicate my story and these things that have happened
to me. And then this opportunity came up and this opportunity to,
to reach a lot of people into there's that quote that says,
be the person that you needed when you were younger, you know,
and Gina has that on her wall and it's stares me in the face every day.
And I realize that I now am the person that I needed
when I was younger.
And if somebody would have opened up their mouth and let me know that I wasn't
alone in that, that I wasn't so isolated in so many,
so many horrible things that we all deal with is because we feel isolation.
We don't think anyone could understand it.
And we don't think that anyone else is going through these things.
And if we did just that knowledge of not being alone,
it would be so significant. But when I was 14 years old,
I was molested by my stepmother.
And this went on for well over a year,
close to two years.
And it was obviously detrimental to me. And these are these,
these are things that I'm just now finally starting to be able to
understand and,
and realize that wouldn't happen to me and realize how
young I was at the time. You know, when I meet of a 14 year old kid,
like you're baby, you're a baby. You, you know,
when we think about ourselves, when we were younger, like at least myself,
I'm like, I still feel the same. I did when I was younger. I was just a little,
you know what I mean?
But you don't really understand how little you were until you have like a
little 12, 14 year old kid standing next to you. I'm like,
you're not like you don't even have to. Okay.
How could that happen in like,
thinking about how I saw a study that said one in six males
are abused by the time they're 18,
which means every one of us probably know somebody that this has happened to,
you know, and to think how devastating it is to women. Um, but,
but, but turn man, it's, it's, it's,
it's such a different thing because you're almost, it's almost viewed, uh, well,
and when it happens from a woman, you know, it's,
it's almost viewed as like a good thing. Like it's a positive thing. Like, ouch,
that wish that happened to me when I was a kid, like I want,
I want to be molested and, um, you know,
we're not able to really understand it, um, and,
and understand the damage that it, that it does. And, and, you know,
I, I, I, I,
if I wouldn't have felt so alone and so isolated at the time, I,
you know, I necessarily know if things would have changed,
but I definitely would have wouldn't have felt so alone. You know,
I wouldn't have felt like there's nobody in the world that could possibly
understand this. There's nobody that, who can I talk to about this? You know,
like I can't talk to my friends. A couple of my friends knew,
they thought it was the coolest ever, you know, they're like, I want that.
I want that bad. And I'm like, well, it was your step-mom too,
which is dude, it was, it was
so confusing. You know, it was always,
I was very conflicted by it, you know,
like I couldn't understand it at all. And then to have this person,
like
money mentally manipulating meeting and making like, oh, it's not a big deal.
It's okay. It's almost like, it's a good thing. You know, like, it's like,
there's nothing wrong, you know, it's, it's, um, you know,
I'm not a stranger and, and this, um, you know, even prior to that,
as I said, I started drinking when I was 12, but,
but this really just derailed me so much
and made me internalize and put up these barriers and
walls around me and things that, um, I, like I said,
I'm only even just at this age,
starting to understand like the negative habits that this
created in me, um, F of distrust in, of, of, of, of,
of negativity and of, of, of, um, you know,
having to be, having to be alone and not trust people, you know,
in so many things like that, that, you know,
like Jean is probably the only person that I've ever talked to in depth about
this. I mean, my couple of people in my family know,
and almost none of my friends, not number of spoken to this to anybody,
you know, I, I, I try to, uh, go to a therapist once and,
and talk about this, but I started realizing like,
this therapist is getting more out of this, our,
our interaction than not than I am. Like, he's, you know,
like a overweight person that needs like, self-confidence self I'm like, oh,
geez, man. Like, like who can I, I can talk to about this? And, you know, maybe,
maybe I can't talk to anybody,
but I am in a position to where I can
reach out and let other people that know that they're not the only ones going
through this. And that has been weighing on me so much lately,
especially over the last few years. Um, now I'm like,
you are in a position to be able,
even if it only helps one person like you can,
you just don't know how to like, well,
I could write about it or I could do like a video blog or something.
And now I've been thinking about this a lot lately. I'm like, how do I,
how can I do this? And like, should I do this? I'm like,
I don't know if that's like a good thing. Like, um,
it's not like I'm a like psychologist or someone that can like help with this.
And, but I,
I just felt like I need to
express this and, and, and, and communicate this.
And maybe it can do some good for even one
person. And then if I didn't, I, that would haunt me forever.
I, uh,
I hadn't experienced when I was 13 with a girl who lived up the street,
who was 21, a couple times, but, um,
is very different than your experience. It was, uh,
I mean, not ashamed to say it. It was kind of fun, you know, it's,
it was different. It was, I couldn't believe it. It was very weird. Yeah.
But it definitely like,
kind of screwed up my idea of what boy, girl interaction was.
I didn't go from the like 13 year olds. Most of the time, they're like,
you want a kiss? I don't know. Do you, I don't know to, you know,
this girl grabbing my Dick and pulling her out. She was a woman, you know,
she was 21 and it didn't,
it didn't hurt me. Like your story, like your story hurts. Like,
it sounds like you were betrayed and you were, you were,
and also the fact that it was your step-mom. I mean, with me, it was like,
what the was that all about? And I don't, I didn't tell anybody. Yeah.
I didn't tell anybody for like years and years later,
I probably didn't tell anyone until I was in my twenties. And, uh,
I think I probably told a girlfriend when I was in my twenties. Yeah.
And she was like, when was the first time you ever fooled around? I was like,
wow. You know?
Cause that was really the first time I had ever fooled around with anyone was
this 21 year old woman.
It was the same thing for me. You know, I, I,
I didn't even kiss a girl until I was, I don't know, 12,
13, like late, late, cause I was such a shy person.
So I went from just kissing to that. I think it was November.
I think the.
Same with me. I think. I don't even think I kissed, I think our kissed her.
Yeah. I think she was the first person I kissed. Yeah.
Yeah. And, and, you know, to, uh,
just have your innocence ripped away like
that and to be thrust into this adult thing,
um, you know, obviously the situation was that much worse. Um, it being,
you know, my stepmom and it being, uh, um, being molested and,
um, you know, it's such a different thing than
a woman or being raped, forcefully raped it's way different. Yeah.
But psychologically and emotionally, you know, it's, it's, it's,
it's devastating. It is. It is obviously.
And you were living being with her as well. Yeah. Yes.
That's the whole thing is terrible. And you said it went on for a year.
Longer than a year. It probably close to a two years.
How did it stop? I stopped.
It actually, you know, this was, this was something, you know, I never,
I never felt right about this. I was very conflicted by it, you know?
And I was like, this definitely, isn't a good thing. I find, I don't like,
I don't know. Like I definitely, I didn't understand how bad of a thing it was,
you know? And then again, she's very manipulative in and, you know,
anytime I would kind of bring that subject of like, yeah,
I don't think this is okay. You know, this is, this feels wrong.
And she'd be like, no, no, it's, you know, and find this way to, uh, you know,
rationalize it or make it okay. And, you know, but as time went on, like,
I was just like, there, this is bad. How old was she?
She was probably 30 young thirties. You know,
now that was another thing once I got to that age and then I saw a 14 year old,
I'm like, what the? Like, I didn't even,
I couldn't even conceptualize how twisted this person was until I
got that age. Hmm. Like how could you, how could you look at a baby,
a child and, and do that? How could you do that?
You know, the expression hurt people, hurt people. Yeah.
And, you know, in, in, in, in, in,
unfortunately a lot of that for me is helps
you like rationalize it and make it a like, oh, well, you know, she's up. And,
you know, even, even my father, you know, after he found out,
like he kept this lady around for awhile really? Yeah.
After he found out yeah. I mean, they, they, they kind of split up and divorced,
but, but, um, they kind of work together still and, you know,
he kept her around for, for quite some time. And, you know,
that alone was extremely damaging to me.
And in such a betrayal in such a,
such a traumatic thing that I didn't even really
understand how damaging that was after the fact until really till
recently, you know, because I, myself would rationalize it. Well, you know,
he didn't want to like, like be an and like send her off. And like,
she was an alcoholic too. And, you know, you know, he was like, oh, you know,
he's just trying to, you know, make this horrible situation like, okay,
for all of us. And, you know,
I didn't really think about like how up he was in the whole situation and like
how,
how much more damaging it was in the long run to me by not having my
father protect me. Like if Mike, this happened to my child,
I would murder a woman that did this. You know,
I certainly wouldn't keep her around, you know, and I certainly wouldn't,
um, like just handle it, handle it the way that he did, you know, and that was,
that was almost it magnified the,
the damage that much more so because of the way that it was handled,
you know, and to not have that to not be taken care of by adults,
by not be taken care of by my father,
by the people around me that were supposed to love me and take care of me. And,
and they did the exact opposite.
Like they up to my world, you know? And I,
I put band-aids of alcohol on it my whole life, you know, and,
and I understand like why I,
why I did that and why it was, I mean,
I really was trying to all myself
really. I mean, when you look at it, that's what I was doing.
I was just doing a long process of it, you know, and that's, that's,
that's what we do. It's like, we don't want to take a gun and kill ourselves,
but I'm going to, I don't want to really live. And I want to, like,
I want to check out of this place, uh, the sooner the better.
So I'm going to do everything in my power to make it happen.
And that way I can't say I killed myself,
but I was killing myself every day and putting myself in situations that were
extremely dangerous and detrimental and damaging.
And, uh, that's what I was doing. And it didn't, you know,
half of my life was I was just destroyed and,
you know,
I'm trying to use this second part of my life too,
make up for that, make up for, um,
the damage that was done and into try to
turn a horrible situation in a negative situation and something that I could
easily point to and allow destroy my life,
which is what I was doing. Um, and trying to do the opposite,
you know, again, with it that the fight approach is like, you have a loss,
you have a horrible thing happening, you have an injury,
what are you going to do with it?
Are you going to let it destroy you and break you and never do this again,
and then be depressed and and complain and whine about it.
We're going to say things happen to all of us, up things happened.
And we all have the excuse to let it destroy our lives and
to use it, to, uh, make ourselves feel better about, uh,
um, drinking and drugs and just being an. And, you know,
like we all have reasons to be and we all have reasons to, um, you know,
take it out on other people. But that doesn't mean that you should,
and that doesn't mean that you don't still have a choice.
It's that victim mentality. And this was something that I, I just,
just started understanding. Cause you know, that,
that term victim and telling me, I'm like, yeah, well I'm a victim,
but what victim mentality really is,
is feeling like you don't have a role to play
from that point. Yeah. Yeah.
You might not have been able to control these terrible things that have happened
to you, but you do have control over what you do from there.
You have control over whether you use that too,
go into a more positive light or you use that to, to drastically damage you in,
in, you know, be this burden that you carry.
Well, sometimes I think when someone like you goes through something like
this and comes out on the other end,
what you can do by talking about this can set a
path for so many people to understand that, you know,
someone looks at you, you know, they see fighting on television and they, they,
they, they see you on the internet and, you know, successful Moya Thai fighter.
And you know, you look cool, you have this beautiful girlfriend,
everything seems so positive. You know,
when you're a young kid and your life is like mine was clearly like
yours was you, you look at these people, like they're nothing like you,
they're aliens. There's some different thing. They they're, they're,
they're it's the world is opened up to them so easily.
And they're better than you.
When someone hears you talk about your experience, the alcoholism, the abuse,
the isolation,
the feeling like a loser and all the things that are so relatable
to so many people. When you can talk about this, you can,
you're, you're setting a map that other people can follow.
Yeah. And this is something that's so important in culture and in
human beings,
we're all a part of some strange evolution of the human race and
the things that our grandparents went through were likely unfucking,
believably,
horrific the things their grandparents wore and went through were probably
magnitudes worse.
And this is just how human beings have gone from being monkeys to
being what we are now and it's happening very rapidly.
And one of the things that accelerates this understanding of
consequences and have the ability to rise
to the occasion and overcome obstacles,
and to be able to use adversity as a tool to better yourself is someone like
you. What you're doing right now is very, very beneficial to so many people,
millions of people listening to this right now. And so many of them,
this is going to resonate with them. And they're going to say, oh,
this guy who is his bad-ass Kickbox or moist, excuse me,
bad-ass dude. Who's just like, you know,
like people admire you and to hear this is so it's so
powerful. I mean, it's it, I'm so glad you said it.
I'm so glad you talked to all of it from the beginning, you know, your,
your earlier struggles to this, because this is medicine for people, man.
There's a lot of people that are hearing this right now and they're going,
I can do it too.
[Inaudible].